README.md, before:

# Re-enable Minecraft Bedrock Achievements
A tool for allowing you to earn achievements on a Minecraft Bedrock world that has enabled cheats or used creative mode. After the program is run, cheats will be disabled and the default world game mode will be set to survival. Any players set to creative mode or changed gamerules will remain changed.
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a tool for worlds on 'Minecraft for Windows', not 'Minecraft: Java Edition' or any other Minecraft Bedrock version. After the program has completed, other players on any Bedrock version will be able to join the world and unlock achievements.

## Installation
Download the latest releases from the releases section.

## Running from source

### Dependencies
Requires Python 3 to be installed.

Open a terminal and run the following commands (requires git to be installed): 
```
git clone https://github.com/058f9cf1/minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.git
```
Alternatively, download the file 'minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py'.

### Usage
Open a terminal and run the following:
```
cd minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements
python minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py
```
Alternatively, and double-click on the file 'minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py'.

The program runs in the terminal. After completion, the terminal will close and the selected world will be updated.

Commit message:

Added more error handling and world selection through command-line arguments

README.md, after:

# Re-enable Minecraft Bedrock Achievements
A tool for allowing you to earn achievements on a Minecraft Bedrock world that has enabled cheats or used creative mode. After the program is run, cheats will be disabled and the default world game mode will be set to survival. Any players set to creative mode or changed gamerules will remain changed.
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is a tool for worlds on 'Minecraft for Windows', not 'Minecraft: Java Edition' or any other Minecraft Bedrock version. After the program has completed, other players on any Bedrock version will be able to join the world and unlock achievements.
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Back up your worlds before using! If any corruption occurs, the worlds can then be restored.
Works on 1.21.0 Minecraft Bedrock worlds and higher. It may work on versions below, but this is untested.

## Installation
Download the latest releases from the releases section.

## Usage
The program can be run by double-clicking on the executable. This will open the command prompt and search the disk for Minecraft Bedrock worlds. You can select a world by entering the number next to the world name. The program, once completed, can be exited by pressing 'Enter'.

'level.dat' files can also be dragged and dropped onto the executable in order to do multiple worlds at the same time.

## Running from source

### Dependencies
Requires Python 3 to be installed.

Open a terminal and run the following commands (requires git to be installed): 
```
git clone https://github.com/058f9cf1/minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.git
```
Alternatively, download the file 'minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py'.

### Usage
Open a terminal and run the following:
```
cd minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements
python minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py
```
Alternatively, and double-click on the file 'minecraft_bedrock_reenable_achievements.py'.
